-What is web development, and why is it essential in the context of the internet?
 Web development is building, designing, and maintaining websites using various technologies and programming languages,
it's essential because it gives an online presence to businesses and individuals and even live apps on the browser (cloud apps like Canva or Figma), 
it can be extended to even games.


-Have you heard of HTML? If yes, what does HTML stand for, and what is its primary purpose in web development?
HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language, it's basically the structure of a web page, the skeleton, 
a house structure, for example, consists of doors, windows, walls, ceilings..etc


-Are you familiar with CSS? If yes, briefly explain what CSS is used for in web development.
 Yes, it stands for Cascading Style Sheet, it's the web page styling, colors, sizing..etc, the color or the design of the walls (from the previous example), 
door materials with their sizes and colors, furniture placements..etc


-Have you heard of JavaScript? If yes, what is JavaScript, and why is it crucial for building interactive websites?
Yes, JS is a programming language for the web (the front-end, also in the back-end with Node but that's for another answer), 
it adds dynamic functionalities to the webpage and makes it interactive,
it's considered an interpreted language along with Python, Ruby, and others
(closest to hardware are called low level like Assembly, mid-level like C and C++, high level like C# or Java),
Although many people would consider JS a high-level language and C++ a low-level, this is an out-of-scope subject for now.


-Are you familiar with React and Node.js? If yes, provide a brief description of what React and Node.js are commonly used for in web development.
Yes, React is a JS library built to make single-page web applications (SPA) easy and fast using JSX syntax, it's based on components and their lifecycles, 
allowing the webpage to only update specific single components without refreshing the whole website (compares the virtual DOM with the real DOM).
Nodejs is a runtime environment that allows JavaScript to run on the server, which will enable us to make full-stack web applications with only JavaScript!


-Why do you want to learn web development, and what do you hope to achieve by acquiring skills in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, and Node.js?
I want to further advance my current skills and connect with the GoMyCode community, acquire my Master's degree, and be academically certified,
which will open many doors and international immigration opportunities for me & be exposed to GoMyCode hiring partners.
